hello everybody, everything good
Sorry guys, I have the flu here too.
This is a box on the river for you.
microphone here for digital cameras
microphone I bought it on the website of
Something strange Chinese site where came the
team is all written chinese baby
It was written in cash on the reverse side.
here come his model is the sg 108 shows
for you here only the staff inside
of yourself on this cover here
your cover design manual zinho here
everything that I here is all in English
It does not solve much for me here.
I do not know how to speak or leterme client.
even though at least the drawings
here we can
my idea of what will also be here
also comes in a good sort of a
Small bag for us to keep i ac
kind of a bag with material and
mail for the given
here is the microphone
here comes this little foam to put
on his tip here
before putting these policies
it was 11 here I'll show you how
is that he is here
you have an idea of ​​what it's like
warm
the sound p2 here opens we put the
battery that comes a kind of joke
a little daughter who comes here with you
here and here
mega sena ball to be beat your
small battery that we put
in him
I wanted to put the
Foam Here
also in beautiful the team
and here we have people that have to
this button here with two stages
here it is off in the off field
here is the first stage that is 90
decibels that second stage 120
decibels
this little light it is not all the time
gray here we have the party
where it fits in the camera
then I'll leave some pictures there as well
docked in the camera my camera here
not having three and called the photos here at
box for you to see how it is
the part that you fit into the shoe
can not the crucibles to be good
snuggly and micro staff is FONAC
a microphone I hope you can see
here for the club here
ok that you z
I wait
the
dots here
and let's see what the
His performance in the rivers
and that's it folks
This was a little boxing here and so
the microphone for the digital camera is the sg
Did you like the video of a young man?
had added their favorites to
more videos like this sign up for
channel
a personal hug that until the next